hello everyone and welcome to food
review UK today we're coming at you with
another Papa John's review and this is
the Papa John's Cinna pie I have had
this product recommended to me and I've
just remembered to shout out Mandeep do
ah I hope that's how you pronounce your
name they were the first person to bring
to my attention the new products from
Domino's and they've been asking for a
shout out for ages I don't normally do
them but I spent a long time and they
did bring the new dominos products to my
attention anyway today we are reviewing
the sinner pie this smells amazing I'm
gonna pick a nice bit like this it
appears to be kind of bread with
cinnamon Shh ice and sugar ot bits maybe
oh just looks good
good stuff it was through two pounds
lighter 9 pence so quite reasonable here
we go Cinna pie from Papa John's hmm hmm
no those get rid of unique texture
really good texture on the top where you
bite through and you can taste the
sugary crystallization both of whatever
the cinnamon topping is an of the icing
bread itself is not too sweet so when
you combine that with the cinnamon sugar
in the icing oh not crispy enough on the
outside give that a really nice french
toast kind of feel to it or cinnamon
toast mm-hmm try one more bet one more
bite here we go mmm mmm really delicious
I'm glad to see a product like this in
the UK normally cinnamon sticks type
products are exclusively for the
Americans but we finally got one package
on the UK it's really good criticism
would be it's a little bit dry
it would be really good with some kind
of dip an icing dip would be perfect I
know there's icing on topic there's not
a huge amount dip would make it
fantastic yeah that would be awesome but
it's still delicious and I need a very
solid four stars
thank you very much for watching
everyone please follow us on twitter at
a food review UK and hit me up in the
comments if you've had this product
before because i'd love to hear from you
thank you very much for watching
subscribe for more videos sake in there
girl we haven't even started on the toys
mate subscribe now